README.md, before:

# Betty Fixer

Betty Fixer is a tool designed to automatically fix coding style issues in C files based on the Betty coding style guidelines. It performs corrections to ensure that the code complies with the Betty style, making it more readable and consistent.

## Features

- **Betty Style Fixes**: Automatically corrects coding style issues following the Betty style guidelines.
- **Vi Script Execution**: Runs a Vi script for each fixed file, making it convenient for developers to review and further modify the code.
- **Create header.h**: You can now create header file by specifing header file name after flag -H .

## Prerequisites

Before using Betty Fixer, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Betty](https://github.com/holbertonschool/Betty) - The Betty linter for C code.
- [Vi Editor](https://www.vim.org/) - The Vi editor for script execution.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    pip install bettyfixer
    ```

2. Run Betty Fixer on your C files:

    ```bash
    bettyfixer file1.c file2.c ...
    ```

3. To create header file run:

    ```bash
    bettyfixer -H <header_name>.h ...
    ```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to Betty Fixer, please follow these steps:

1. Go to the github repository.
2. Fork the repository.
3. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
4. Make your changes and ensure the code style follows the project conventions.
5. Test your changes thoroughly.
6. Create a pull request with a clear description of your changes.


Happy coding!



### Creaters: - 
[@Moealsir](https://github.com/Moealsir) <br>
[@malazmuzamil98](https://github.com/malazmuzamil98)

Commit message:

update setup to install black

README.md, after:

# Betty Fixer

Betty Fixer is a tool designed to automatically fix coding style issues in C files based on the Betty coding style guidelines. It performs corrections to ensure that the code complies with the Betty style, making it more readable and consistent.

## Features

- **Betty Style Fixes**: Automatically corrects coding style issues following the Betty style guidelines.
- **Vi Script Execution**: Runs a Vi script for each fixed file, making it convenient for developers to review and further modify the code.
- **Create header.h**: You can now create header file by specifing header file name after flag -H .

## Prerequisites

Before using Betty Fixer, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Betty](https://github.com/holbertonschool/Betty) - The Betty linter for C code.
- [Vi Editor](https://www.vim.org/) - The Vi editor for script execution.
- <span style="color:#a93226;">Ctags</span> :- 

        sudo apt-get install exuberant-ctags
## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    pip install bettyfixer
    ```

2. Run Betty Fixer on your C files:

    ```bash
    bettyfixer file1.c file2.c ...
    ```

3. To create header file run:

    ```bash
    bettyfixer -H <header_name>.h ...
    ```
## Compatibility:

The current release of `bettyfixer` is optimized for Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (Focal Fossa). We are actively working to expand compatibility to include other Ubuntu releases in future updates. Stay tuned for upcoming releases that will offer support for a broader range of Ubuntu versions.


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to Betty Fixer, please follow these steps:

1. Go to the [Github repository](https://github.com/Moealsir/betty_fixer)
2. Fork the repository.
3. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
4. Make your changes and ensure the code style follows the project conventions.
5. Test your changes thoroughly.
6. Create a pull request with a clear description of your changes.





### Creaters: - 
[@Moealsir](https://github.com/Moealsir) <br>
[@Malazmuzamil98](https://github.com/malazmuzamil98)<br>
[@AhedEisa](https://github.com/be-great)
